README.md, before:

# 🍊 Satsuma - the helpful shopping list

> Are you adding the same staples to you shopping list week after week? There should be a template function for this!
>
> Are you wandering back and forth in the supermarket because the things on your list are not group by section? That shouldn't be too hard.
>
> Are frustrated with how many clicks it can take to add an item to a list or how hard it is to invite your partner to share the same list?
>
> Relax, have a satsuma and enjoy the next trip to the supermarket.
>
> 🍊

That's at least the vision for this little helper app.

Try it out live 👉 [here](https://main--satsuma-shopping.netlify.app) 👈

## Setup

1. Run `nvm use` in the project root to ensure the right node version is used.
2. Install with `npm install`.
3. **OPTIONAL** Install [PocketBase.io](https://pocketbase.io/) and run it with `./pocketbase serve`.
Create an admin account to log in. You can then import the `pb_schema.json` in Settings > Import collections.
4. Create a local `.env` file with `cp .env.template .env`.
5. Run with `npm run dev`.

## Links

- 🎨 [Color Scheme](https://colorhunt.co/palette/cdf0eaf9f9f9f7dbf0beaee2)
- 🛢️ [Host PB for free on Fly.io](https://github.com/pocketbase/pocketbase/discussions/537)

Commit message:

friday release (#49)
* General improvements all over the app (#40)

* Add pocketbase file to gitignore

* Update favicon to fruit

* Make home button fully clickable and not just the text

* Refactor nav buttons into component

* Undo gitignore changes

* Update the readme to avoid same startup bug

* Add new sub category for template lists

* Update template sign inside list

* Increase hitbox of items for clicks

* Add small hover effect for lists

* Add profile information on the profile page

* Fix requested stuff in PR comments

* Add models (#39)

* Add models

* Add models

* add deepClone util

* Add model to /profile

* Add model to /lists

* Add queries to list page

* Add query to /edit

* Small fixes

* fix: add quantity ti item query

* Simplify models

* remove comments

* 28 safely delete lists (#43)

* Make query safe

* Fix small bug

* Remove dead code

* Add a modal to improve deleting lists

* Apply improved pattern to category deleting

* 41 make category optional (#45)

* Update schema

* Add and show items without category

* Let the user update an item category

---------

Co-authored-by: Philipp Krause <phil.fhs11@googlemail.com>

README.md, after:

# 🍊 Satsuma - the helpful shopping list

> Are you adding the same staples to you shopping list week after week? There should be a template function for this!
>
> Are you wandering back and forth in the supermarket because the things on your list are not group by section? That shouldn't be too hard.
>
> Are frustrated with how many clicks it can take to add an item to a list or how hard it is to invite your partner to share the same list?
>
> Relax, have a satsuma and enjoy the next trip to the supermarket.
>
> 🍊

That's at least the vision for this little helper app.

Try it out live 👉 [here](https://main--satsuma-shopping.netlify.app) 👈

## Setup

1. Run `nvm use` in the project root to ensure the right node version is used.
2. Install with `npm install`.
3. **OPTIONAL** Install [PocketBase.io](https://pocketbase.io/) and run it with `./pocketbase serve`.
Create an admin account to log in. You can then import the `pb_schema.json` in Settings > Import collections.
4. Create a local `.env` file with `cp .env.template .env`.
5. Run with `npm run dev`.

The pocketbase executable should be run in a separate folder.

## Links

- 🎨 [Color Scheme](https://colorhunt.co/palette/cdf0eaf9f9f9f7dbf0beaee2)
- 🛢️ [Host PB for free on Fly.io](https://github.com/pocketbase/pocketbase/discussions/537)
